[Music]
we shall end this thing who has unique
vision for this mission we all used to
waiting there for either the stars of
the directors I hadn't thought of
information which unfortunately I can't
read because there's no podium here
today but I'm going to share the the
thought process behind this this brand
new space but before I go down that road
I think one thought I need to share with
you that all along you have always sort
of supportive in new initiatives that
PPC comes with whether it's social
cinema innovation content kind of
different spaces where we've bought in
regional cinema marketed it at a
commercial level and whatnot so I truly
appreciate the support it gave us and we
have faith in the relationship because
that's why been able to create
challenging products were able to take a
support and transform I would say
ordinary idea because some discount real
only to the day it reaches the consumer
successfully but you if you support our
support us in those initiatives and
therefore we have the guts to do what we
do so we will be a PC to appreciate your
presence there in some way of life
forced by faith
[Music]
would you still be known or believed he
writes the best part of making this
balloon is I think he's more excited
than me to make this you see that's very
important that use quite a lot of charge
for a layover and it always you want to
prove that it okay watching what you
give to the working before they trust
with you
he had has or me I really want to prove
in it so they I think this is the kind
of films like Dracula and talk to
Jacqueline mr. Hyde
[Music]
is filmmakers like Roman Polanski
Stanley Kubrick Francis Ford Coppola
George Romero and Alfred Hitchcock came
forward to give horror films it's much
deserved recognition Jones was the
pioneer creature film and first concept
[Music]
the Blair Witch Project redefined the
urban legend shaman up close and very
personal
[Music]
the hard rock has always offered the
best return on investment
over hundred horror films with more than
200 percent ROI in just the u.s.
[Music]
say your last rails because now it's
here to terrify and haunt you you will
have nowhere to run and nowhere to hide
BBC whore attainment
[Music]
to watch war log onto wwlp.com